Update 105-javascript.md (#1467)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/101-backend/content/103-learn-a-language/105-javascript.md

# JavaScript

>    JavaScript is a programming language that allows you to add interactivity to your websites and web-apps. Common examples that you may have seen on the websites are sliders, click interactions, pop-ups among others. Apart from being used on the frontend in browser, there is NodeJS. 
> 
> What exactly is Node.js and how is it used on the backend ?
>    A very common definition on the internet is "Node.js is a JavaScript runtime ENVIRONMENT that runs on the v8 engines and executes JavaScript code outside a web browser" but what exactly does this mean ? NodeJS allows you to write JavaScript code on the server.  
> NodeJS eases handling multiple requests made by the client and enables code sharing and re-usage of library codes.
> 
> The apps respond immediately and work within the allotted time.
> Its single-threaded functionality is best suited for real-time communication.
> 
> 
> Using NodeJS, programmers can create JavaScript code for both client- and server-side applications. Being a Full-Stack developer has gotten much simpler since NodeJS was created because you can now write JavaScript on both the server-side and client-side.
> 
> Another noteworthy improvement is the widespread adoption of NodeJS by enormous corporations. (Among others, Netflix, Uber, and LinkedIn)
> 
> 

Reviewer: Let's please keep the definition minimal.

```suggestion
JavaScript, often abbreviated JS, is a programming language that is one of the core technologies of the World Wide Web, alongside HTML and CSS. It lets us add interactivity to pages e.g. you might have seen sliders, alerts, click interactions, and popups etc on different websites -- all of that is built using JavaScript. Apart from being used in the browser, it is also used in other non-browser environments as well such as Node.js for writing server-side code in JavaScript, Electron for writing desktop applications, React Native for mobile applications and so on.
```
